# Origins of Ner'Zhul Blackfang

1)Ner’Zhul Blackfang of the Blackfang Clan, a distant cousin to the Chieftain Áruló (Ah-Rhulo) Blackfang. A Nomadic Free-Spirited group of Warriors, bandits, mercenaries, and assassins traveling the land. Doing the bidding of any rich noblemen with the coin to do so. Known for being efficient warriors, Barbaric in battle. Despite all this. Ner’Zhul found comfort in a family with his tribe and the Clan with each other. Them being mostly family and close friends they were looked out for one another. And ultimately were doing what they did to provide for the Clan. They followed Áruló with the utmost respect and admiration. He was the best warrior, tactician, and Father to the Clan. 

2)Ner’Zhul was involved in many missions fighting on the frontline alongside foreign armies. Was also a gifted Thief and stole from the Army's stores for his fellow mates. He was close with Tesó (Te-Shho) Ugor, an outsider but a welcomed warrior in the Clan. To inherit the name Blackfang you had to prove your worth to not only Áruló but the whole clan had to vote you in. He worked to be part of the family of Blackfang, he admired Áruló and aspired to be the next Chieftain of Blackfang. A gifted Bowmen which was rare since Orcs hated fighting from a distance. Ner’Zhul preferred his Warhammer when going into battle. 
Demonic figures of randomly congealed body parts torn rotting corpses with bones and spines sticking out on every end. Envelope the guild biting off faces, stabbing the Clan with its protruding bones. Ner’Zhul frozen in fear watches as Tesó does his best to protect his friend. See’s him become ripped apart and Ner’Zhul looks up as he hears the sound of ripping flesh and the screams of his Allies. Catches a Quick glimpse unto the Peak of the cliff where Áruló resides. And only sees a Black Silhouette in complete darkness with Gleaming Purple eyes that he would never forget and blacks out. 

One evening, after a battle between two massive armies. Luckily our friends were on the winning side. Áruló Blackfang brought his Guild to a cliffside overlooking the sea on Dark night with a full moon. His personal fire was at the Peak of this cliffside for some reason separated from the others. As the Clan made merry, drinking, eating, and celebrating. 

4)Tesó in his drunken state yelled out loud “To our fearless leader Áruló Blackfang!”. “Here here” the clan replies as they yell and cheer, chanting his name aloud. His back being turned looked unto his party with a broken smile... Stood facing the merry group back turned against the sea. With a stoic demeanor... Looked into the eyes of each that were there celebrating. “I hope you can forgive me..”. Proceeds to tear off a pendant that's been around his neck (You can decide what it is if it helps with anything) (Symbolism for some deity and whatnot). Throws it into the fire. 
